# The Great Feast

Invited to feast bc *Mogli* is prominent and has been here before

"bring whoever", brought elite crew


we walked up and fences are broken and blood is spattered

## 1

### Mogli

wis: 18

things seem to be broken around. can we hear anything?
- crickets only
- things seem settled and blood isn't fresh

### Nep Nik

wis: 7

do I see anything?

* blood

### Myra

wis: 19
- there's an earthy smell; feels and smells *FiiOria*, a druid friend, nearby. *Myra* learned how to transform from her, so she is very familiar with her
    - shouts "I smell a dirty hippie"


(note: can use **Favored Enemy** to sense a specific enemy—undead)

### Hákarl

wis: 2 
- CABBAGES?!

### Gróa

wis: 20

cabbages. for sure.

sees a bridge still burning

### Merrek

used **Dash**

entered building (home)

wis: 9
- was living space for a young man

## 2

### Mogli

curious about the bridge (moved toward it)

wis: 10
- sensed movement on the roof of building beyond bridge
- machinery rattling briefly, then stops

### Nep Nik

thrown by *Mogli* to go toward building to investigate (*Mogli*'s suggestion)

wis: x

### Myra

wis: 7

* wasn't *FiiOria* (concern is growing )

* blood and gore not caused by *FiiOria*

### Hákarl

moved toward bridge

### Gróa

used **Dash**

### Merrek

wis: 17

moved behind building and noticed hatchet, but no blood
- dead chickens (signs of *FiiOria*)

## 3

### Mogli

moved toward bridge

**Bolt** launched from building toward the party and hit the bridge 
- **Hákarl** is nearby

	- dex save: 3 + 11adv

	- 5 damage


guy on building, *Reece*: HALT. (defensive bc just attacked)


intimidates *Reece* due to threat

* cha: 12

* *Reece*: we don't want trouble, but attacked by green, slimy frog thing. it went east (west?) after we hit it twice. take care of it and we'll sort it out

### Nep Nik

**Dash** to move into small building. another house that had been well taken care of

### Myra

wis: 16

when *FiiOria* is injured, can eat wildlife and regain health (hence dead chickens)

### Hákarl

is in the river, so can move farther

used instruction from *Mogli* to gain more movement (inspiration)

### Gróa

moved into house

### Merrek

used action to find out what noise was and what we're doing (too far away!)

*Nep Nik* explained we're going after some frog thing

## 4

### Mogli

wis: 8
- notices "creature" had gotten in
- movement on main building is gone
- no more mechanical movement

doesn't believe *Reece* is intending to hurt us again immediately

to *Nep Nik*: let's try to track this

### Nep Nick

uses inspiration and **Dash** (120ft total)

calls out if someone can hear that he sees footprints (*Mogli* knows something is going on...)

hears zombie RIGHT NEXT TO HIM

### Myra

moves with **Dash**

### Hákarl

used action to tell others about zombie

*Myra* said don't kill it

**Create Champion** on *Mogli*

### Gróa

**Dash**ed toward zombie

### Merrek

**Dash**ed toward zombie
