---
outing: true
---

# Rune Forest

Several zombies have been discovered and killed (one still alive) as we are leaving **Fort Raven**

## Round 1

### Mogli

"Let's head into the forest"

**Dash**

picks up **Zombie Knight Greatsword**

### Nep Nik

moves toward forest path

attacks zombie with **Throwing Dagger**


ranged: 11

piercing dmg: 8

### Myra

moves with **Zephyr Strike**

attacks with **Longbow - Band Summon**

ranged: 20 

piercing dmg: 10

### Zombie

attacks _Merrek_ with **Slam and Grab**

melee: 16

bludgeoning: 4


_Merrek_ breaks **Grapple** with str

### Hákarl

picks up **Traveler's Clothes**


hurls **Shield Blade Puzzle** (free action)

piercing: 5

#### Zombie

Zombie Negative Nerves

ignores damage <= 5


_Hakarl_ throws trident and kills zombie

### Gróa

picks up **Traveler's Clothes**

per: 11

- path ahead is into thicker forest
- there is a magical feeling of the path ahead

**Flaming Sphere (Focus)** (reaction)

moved towards us

### Merrek

moves to **Rune Forest**

per: 4

- overwhelmed by area
- feeling of holiness and rest
- hears FiiOria as she asks if Myra is nearby

## Rune Forest

### Mogli

moves to **Rune Forest**

hears: "stay where you are or _Rough and Tumble_'s animal forms will devour you"

"they are my friends"

hears: "I don't know what happened either, you are welcome to pass. how many are with you?"

"seven of us, including Rough and Tumble"

### FiiOria

_FiiOria_ is standing in the center of a rune circle

"I gave my friends some runes and they were going to return for the remaining runes, but I went to find why they hadn't. the mercenaries took over the fort, and I was damaged and had to flee from Fort Raven by a bolt fired from the rooftop after I heard someone whistling. I could not find my Raven friends. I faced a necromancer and zombies on my return"

> FiiOria heard whistling before she was shot upon, but is not sure about who was doing the whistling. When Groa suggests it could be the White Blades FiiOria remains unsure 

per:
- Gróa: 14
- Hákarl: 21
- Merrek: 22
- Mogli: 
- Myra: 20
- NepNik: 12


> If they have found the ruins under the fortress, they will have access to the shielding system I created. In that case you’ll need to find the secret entrance to the well cavern. If you have seen the bridge that was destroyed when they fired upon me, you’ll see a passage in the wall that leads to a set of barrels. The furthest barrel is an illusion I created and will reveal a ladder down to the well passage. Within that, the wall on your left will have a patch of heavy moss. Whisper the words, “Zellah Grazia” to open the secret passage. The family should be there, because it’s the only place I wasn’t able to get to before getting struck down. They might have been overtaken down there as well. Regardless. Within that room there’s a stone tablet at the center. You can speak to the stone at the center to turn on and off the shield. The words “Ovonzell” will turn it on and shift the energy around it to blue. The word “Korenzeel” will turn it off and the energy surrounding it will shift to red.
